this is the taste like tech review for
the 7dayshop 135 LED video / photo light
I've been using this for the past couple
of months and I've been traveling around
I've been to Japan and danica pursuits
over there with an actress doing some
time lapse work and it served me really
well it's actually been relatively
compact you know it's as big as it is
and it has a number of nice little
features which think probably most
people find quite useful for a start
it's a video light it's got a variable
amount of power you can put into it so
you can turn up you can turn it down
that's accessed by the little switch on
the back so you can just step through
various settings get protein brighter or
dimmer and dimmer there's also a switch
on the back to enable you to use
lithium-ion battery packs and I've got
the specific model number which I'll put
up just there they're actually
compatible with this through use of a
mounting plate just here which fits into
the back and allows you to use those
rather than standard double a
rechargeable batteries or normal charger
batteries and then your the option just
flick down to double-a as well you can
also click it up to charge and that's
really nice if you have this full of
batteries you can have six batteries in
there perhaps six double A batteries
that's a lot of batteries to put into a
charger so it's nice that they've
actually made this into a charger
charges by way of mini USB just there
which is really useful because it means
you can charge your computer you charge
it from potentially an ipod / ipad wall
socket anything like that and USB is all
over the place is quite quick and easy
to charge this means you don't have to
carry around another adapter with you to
actually plug it in to charge it and it
means that you can keep the batteries in
there and it just all keeps everything
meeting in one place and you're less
likely to go to a shoot without your
batteries in the video light that's nice
like that also we've got a load of
different mounting points around here
now this is quite interesting at the
bottom we've got a little screw that you
can actually undo now this would be the
bit which connects on to the actual shoe
on top of your video camera or normal
camera photo camera now that can
actually be mounted on the
just here so you can have it standing up
that way you can handle that side just
there you can out on the side just there
even more interesting in that you can
actually get this and the other smaller
video light or even two three four of
these and join them together so you can
actually create a bigger panel by just
using the connector that we've got on
the bottom there sliding on to another
video light and then you got a double or
triple or quadruple the amount of power
going on to your subject or whatever you
want also we've got a lot of tripod
mount on the bottom just there which
again is fantastic if you've got
anything like a gorilla pod because you
can just attach the gorillapod onto this
and then clamp the light where if you
want it it's a really really neat
feature and it is so useful when you're
trying to set up a shot to be able to
just gorillapod a light wherever you
want around the room that's that's
fantastic apart from that it's a
relatively straightforward an operation
like I say you just turn it on click the
buttons the back opens up to reveal
shock horror a battery compartment can
do it remove the anchors mark yep so
that's where the batteries go no
surprises there the actual light that
comes out of this is at about five
thousand five hundred Kelvin and then
that will mix relatively nicely with
daylight balanced fluorescent light I've
been doing that quite a lot just within
sword studio situation and if you're
outside and while you're in daylight but
not direct daylight because it's
probably won't compete with direct
daylight unless you're right up against
on my face but if you're in say a shade
shadow and you just wanted to cast a
little bit more light and so on this
would probably makes quite well with
daylight it wouldn't have an orange
carts to it like a normal incandescent
light or a normal home balanced
fluorescent energy-saving light wood
that's pretty much it I'll cutting some
test footage here and like i said i've
been using this on timeless photography
as well as video work the idea with
time-lapse photography was that if we
used a flash in that situation you'll
see what i mean your video a flash in a
public place that's going to be repeated
i think most those sequences have 300
shots at least so you having 300 flashes
in quick succession
it's going to be incredibly bright it's
going to be incredibly distracting is
going to draw a lot of attention to you
so we opted for a concert video light
and that was a lot more discreet it's
just one light shining not too bright
and it's not constantly flashing on not
certainly for one of the shots where we
were actually on a road we would have
just been moved on immediately if we had
a flash but as it was no I'm really
complained now a couple of accessories
that come with this I should probably
just cover before we cut away get USB
cable so you can actually charge it
straight out of the box which is great
doesn't come with any batteries but if
you have actually chance tray on the box
and then we also have a CPC a small
little arm too attached underneath your
camera and then you can have the light
on the side now that's great if you're
using external microphone on top of your
camera because it means you're not going
to take up that shoe Max or even you
could mount the external microphone on
that one if you wanted to so it's nice
they've included that and and actually
even has a little tripod mounting
pointers there so you could put your
quick release plate onto this have this
on the bottom of your camera have you
light on there have your microphone on
top and have the whole thing quick
release for on and off your tripod which
is really nice or indeed on and off the
stabilizer just here so you got the
whole thing edge don't microphone on top
you gotta like just there or even I like
just downright just there what if you
want to do really nice feature and it's
nice that it's included the little
battery compartment thing is great if
you have time for batteries that are
compatible with that you could get some
to just go along with it I can charge
those who don't need a separate external
charger 22 actually do that so that's
another nice feature in something to
perhaps look into if you're going to be
using this a lot rather than having six
double a's knocking around the place
it's been taste like tech review of the
7dayshop 135 LED video light